OK are you ready.
Let's match this.
So we're going to build our dequeue and model as you can see within a class and that's for the same
reasons as before.
That's because we want to be able to create easily several Dejuan objects that we would want to plug
for different AI's on different servers.
And again here I've highlighted the structure which is in three steps.
First will introduce and initialize all the parameters and variables of the D-2 network and we'll do
that of course within the init method.
Then the second step will make a method that builds the memory and experience replay.
You know the memory containing these transitions containing the current state the action played we won't
receive.
And the next date reached.
And third step and final step will make the final method the most important one that will build two
batches of 10 inputs and 10:38 by extracting 10 transitions.
All right.
So that's our plan of attack for the part 3 of this whole implementation implementing dequeue learning
experience replay.
And let's start right now with the first step.
So as we understand the first step is to define all the parameters and variables of our dequeue in future
model objects through the method and this method is going to take three arguments.
The first one is going to be self of course because we're going to introduce all the variables of the
object starting myself.
Then remember here we have to input the variables which want to choose directly and easily the value
when we create an object you know for different searches and when implementing the U.N. Well there are
actually two parameters that are at the core of the algorithm which are first the maximum size of the
memory.
You know if you want to have some experience per play with a large size or smaller size Well you want
to be able to change that easily by setting a max memory argument in the init method.
And then the second important element and parameter is the discount factor in the computation of the
toilet right here.
You know that's the discount factor and you know if you're doing some hyper parameter Well you want
to be able to test easily some different values and to do that the best way is to include that parameter
in the init method.
So let's do this first one we said is going to be the max memory so this is a normal name that I choose
myself and by default we're going to say that they're equal to 100 which will be the maximum size of
our memory.
And then the discount factor which is a factor in that condition of the target and as DiVall value will
give 4.9.
All right.
Perfect.
And then Colleen and here we go.
We are ready to define the variables of our future dequeue and model object.
Okay.
So there are going to be three object variables and actually to figure out what they're going to be.
We can just look at the whole.
Did you learn the algorithm.
And of course what we have to look at is the first part that is initialization part because indeed how
do we have to initialize this model.
Well first we have to initialize the memory of the experience replay play as an empty list then we choose
the maximum size we will have to initialize a maximum size object which is the maximum size of the memory.
And then remember since we also have a discount factor Well it would be easier for us to create variables
that will get this discount factor.
OK so let's do this.
We just have to follow this starting with the memory of the experience replay that we have to initialize
as an analyst.
And so we'll call that Vargo self that memory and to initialize that as mentalists.
Well we're going to use the list function of Python which directly initialises that as an internist.
All right.
So that for the first day.
Now let's see let's just follow that simply.
The next step in this initialization first step is to choose a maximum size of the memory.
So we actually already chose this maximum size because it is what will be given in this argument here.
But remember we want to initialize all the object variables.
So the second one.
I'm introducing here and initialising is going to be as I choose to call it next memory.
And that's going to be the maximum size of the memory.
And so as we just said we're going to initialize this as the max memory value of the arguments provided
when we created and objects.
And so I'm basing this.
And lastly the last one we have to initialize is of course the discount factor which would also have
to introduce as an object variable.
Ok so let's do this self discount which will be equal to of course the arguments provided in any method.
So there we go basing them here.
And perfect.
We basically took care of this first big part of the learning algorithm initializing the memory and
the maximum size of the memory.
Perfect congratulation.
Now we're going to move on to the second step of this to do an implementation which will be to make
a method that builds the memory and experience replay.
Basically that means that we'll have to make a method that will add the transitions into memory that
we initialized here by making sure we never spend more than 100 transitions.
So what will happen is that as soon as we go over 100 we'll delete the first element that is the first
transition of the memory.
So let's take care of all this in the next tutorial.
And until then enjoy a.